fix: clarify error handling note in agents.md (#2440)
redhat-appstudio/release-service-catalog: AGENTS.md

- **jq flags**: `-r` for raw output, `-c` for compact, `-e` to exit non-zero on false/null
- **Tekton results**: `echo -n "value" > "$(results.name.path)"` — always `-n` to avoid trailing newlines
- **curl**: use `--retry 3`, `-s` for silent, `--fail-with-body` for error handling; pipe to `jq -r` for parsing
- **Error handling**: internal tasks MUST always `exit 0` and write success/failure to `$(results.result.path)`.
  Use a `trap EXIT` handler or write the result explicitly at each exit point. A non-zero exit prevents Tekton

>   from setting results that the calling managed task needs. Managed and collector tasks should use normal `exit 1` to signal errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  from setting results that the calling managed task needs. Managed and collector tasks can use non-zero exit codes as appropriate to signal errors
```

Author: updated.

>   from setting results that the calling managed task needs. Managed and collector tasks should use normal `exit 1` to signal errors

Reviewer: Yeah, there are some historical internal tasks that just fail, e.g. the request-and-sign task. And that's fine. But as a general rule when creating new tasks, this is valid. Also, it's really less of a real concern now, because going forward, the recommended way to add new tasks is to have a script called via "command" - and the script will live outside of this repo. This is already included in AGENTS.md.
